[Music]
this is bennetto's Oceanus 51 point one
it has an all-new hull design with
distinctive chine the runs all the way
forward one of the benefits of that is
that it gives a lot more space in a
forward part of the boat gives an extra
40 centimeters of width here in the
owners cabin in the front of the boat
but it doesn't compromise saving
performance
today's broad Stern designs also give
more space in the arts cabins and on
this boat there configures so that you
can get in and out of the birth without
having to climb the main part of the
cockpit is laid out to relax in and
enjoy itself instead of the winches and
the ropes that you normally find here
there's these two big Sun bits very
comfortable position here and a big
table in the middle or the fridge
there's a number of options for the deck
layout and the rig can have the standard
boat or as it's the case with this one
it has a first package with an aluminium
mast that's 1.5 meters taller than
standard is also a carbon option and
that comes with an improved package of
deck hardware and there are three
different peels
a shoal Draft at 1.85 meters i expanded
keel with two point three meter draft
and a deep bulbs keel at 2.8 meters
draft
[Music]